Added CHANGELOG and PR tempate (#182)
BU-ISCIII/buisciii-tools: .github/workflows/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
# bu-isciii tools pull request

Based on nf-core/viralrecon pull request template

Fill in the appropriate checklist below and delete whatever is not relevant.

PRs should be made against the dev branch, unless you're preparing a pipeline release.
-->

## PR checklist

- [ ] This comment contains a description of changes (with reason).

> - [ ] Make sure your code lints (`nf-core lint`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure your code lints (`black and flake8`).
```
